RTOSSewer/README.md, before:

# RTOSSewer

Sensing Water quality in a variety of ways. Used by Watersense2018 team.


## Tested on hardware:

- SODAQ ONE-EU-RN2483-V3


## Used open source software:

### FreeRTOS 10.0.1

> *Both the FreeRTOS kernel and Amazon FreeRTOS are provided under the following MIT open source license.*  
> *Copyright (C) 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.*

*sources and https://www.freertos.org/a00114.html*  


### SODAQ software for Arduino SAMD 1.6.17

> *This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.*  
> *Copyright (c) 2016 SODAQ. All right reserved.*

*sources*


## Used free tools:

### Arduino 1.8.5

> *Arduino is an open-source project founded by Massimo Banzi, David Cuartielles, Tom Igoe, Gianluca Martino, and David Mellis. It builds on the work of many people, projects, and institutions.*

*https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Credits*

> *The source code for the Java environment is released under the GPL and the C/C++ microcontroller libraries are under the LGPL*

*https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/FAQ*


### GCC 4.8.3

> *arm-none-eabi-gcc (GNU Tools for ARM Embedded Processors (Arduino build)) 4.8.3 20140228 (release) [ARM/embedded-4_8-branch revision 208322]*  
> *Copyright (C) 2013 Free Software Foundation, Inc.*

*arm-none-eabi-gcc --version*


### BOSSA 1.7.0

> *Basic Open Source SAM-BA Application (BOSSA) Version 1.7.0*  
> *Flash programmer for Atmel SAM devices.*  
> *Copyright (c) 2011-2012 ShumaTech (http://www.shumatech.com)*

*bossac -h*

Commit message:

Added skeleton class for BMP280 sensor. Small code improvements. Readme updated.

RTOSSewer/README.md, after:

# RTOSSewer

Sensing Water quality in a variety of ways. Used by Watersense2018 team.


## Tested on hardware:

- SODAQ ONE-EU-RN2483-V3 https://shop.sodaq.com/sodaq-one-eu-rn2483-v3.html
- BMP280 sensor https://www.adafruit.com/product/2651


## Used open source software:

### Adafruit BMP280 Library 1.0.2

> *Adafruit invests time and resources providing this open source code, please support Adafruit andopen-source hardware by purchasing products from Adafruit!*
> *Written by Kevin Townsend for Adafruit Industries. BSD license, all text above must be included in any redistribution*

*sources, https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BMP280_Library*


### Adafruit Unified Sensor 1.0.2

> *Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0*
> *Copyright (C) 2008 The Android Open Source Project*

*sources, https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Sensor*


### Adafruit VL53L0X Library 1.0.3

> *Adafruit invests time and resources providing this open source code, please support Adafruit and open-source hardware by purchasing products from Adafruit!*
> *Written by Limor Fried/Ladyada for Adafruit Industries. MIT license, all text above must be included in any redistribution*

*sources, https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_VL53L0X*


### FreeRTOS 10.0.1

> *Both the FreeRTOS kernel and Amazon FreeRTOS are provided under the following MIT open source license.*  
> *Copyright (C) 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.*

*sources, https://www.freertos.org/a00114.html*  


### SODAQ software for Arduino SAMD 1.6.17

> *This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.*  
> *Copyright (c) 2016 SODAQ. All right reserved.*

*sources*


## Used free tools:

### Arduino 1.8.5

> *Arduino is an open-source project founded by Massimo Banzi, David Cuartielles, Tom Igoe, Gianluca Martino, and David Mellis. It builds on the work of many people, projects, and institutions.*

*https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Credits*

> *The source code for the Java environment is released under the GPL and the C/C++ microcontroller libraries are under the LGPL*

*https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/FAQ*


### GCC 4.8.3

> *arm-none-eabi-gcc (GNU Tools for ARM Embedded Processors (Arduino build)) 4.8.3 20140228 (release) [ARM/embedded-4_8-branch revision 208322]*  
> *Copyright (C) 2013 Free Software Foundation, Inc.*

*arm-none-eabi-gcc --version*


### BOSSA 1.7.0

> *Basic Open Source SAM-BA Application (BOSSA) Version 1.7.0*  
> *Flash programmer for Atmel SAM devices.*  
> *Copyright (c) 2011-2012 ShumaTech (http://www.shumatech.com)*

*bossac -h*
